README.md, before:

# Amorina Italian Restaurant Website

A modern, responsive website for Amorina, an authentic Italian restaurant in New York City. The website is built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, featuring an elegant design that reflects the restaurant's commitment to quality and tradition.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works seamlessly across all devices
- **Modern UI/UX**: Clean, intuitive interface with smooth animations and transitions
- **Interactive Menu**: Dynamic menu navigation with categorized items
- **Online Ordering**: User-friendly online ordering system with cart functionality
- **Reservation System**: Interactive booking system with real-time availability
- **Contact Form**: Validated contact form with feedback messages
- **Location Integration**: Google Maps integration for easy navigation
- **Cross-browser Compatible**: Tested across major browsers

## Pages

1. **Home Page**
   - Hero section with call-to-action
   - Featured menu items
   - About section
   - Testimonials
   - Contact information

2. **Menu Page**
   - Categorized menu items
   - Dynamic category navigation
   - Detailed item descriptions
   - Pricing information

3. **About Page**
   - Restaurant history
   - Team information
   - Values and philosophy
   - Image gallery

4. **Reservations Page**
   - Interactive booking form
   - Date and time selection
   - Party size options
   - Special requests handling
   - Booking confirmation

5. **Order Online Page**
   - Full menu selection
   - Cart functionality
   - Delivery/pickup options
   - Special instructions
   - Order confirmation

6. **Contact Page**
   - Contact form
   - Location map
   - Business hours
   - FAQ section

## Technology Stack

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with CSS Grid and Flexbox)
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Google Maps API
- Git for version control
- GitHub Pages for hosting

## Project Structure

```
amorinaitaliano/
├── index.html
├── about.html
├── menu.html
├── reservations.html
├── order.html
├── contact.html
├── css/
│   ├── main.css
│   ├── home.css
│   ├── about.css
│   ├── menu.css
│   ├── reservations.css
│   ├── order.css
│   └── contact.css
├── js/
│   ├── main.js
│   ├── home.js
│   ├── menu.js
│   ├── reservations.js
│   ├── order.js
│   └── contact.js
└── assets/
    └── images/
```

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/username/amorinaitaliano.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd amorinaitaliano
   ```

3. Open index.html in your browser or use a local server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python
   python -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js
   npx serve
   ```

4. Visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## Development

To contribute to this project:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch for your feature:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add your feature description"
   ```
4. Push to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```
5. Create a Pull Request

## Best Practices

- Use semantic HTML elements
- Follow BEM naming convention for CSS classes
- Keep JavaScript modular and organized
- Optimize images before adding to assets
- Test across different browsers and devices
- Maintain consistent code formatting
- Write clear, descriptive commit messages

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## Performance Optimization

- Minified CSS and JavaScript
- Optimized images
- Lazy loading for images
- Efficient CSS selectors
- Minimal third-party dependencies

## Accessibility

- ARIA labels for interactive elements
- Semantic HTML structure
- Keyboard navigation support
- Color contrast compliance
- Screen reader friendly
- Alt text for images

## SEO Optimization

- Meta descriptions
- Open Graph tags
- Semantic HTML
- Sitemap
- Robots.txt
- Structured data

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions or support, please contact [Your Contact Information].

## Acknowledgments

- Icons from [Source]
- Fonts from Google Fonts
- Images from [Source]

Commit message:

Update README.md with correct restaurant information

README.md, after:

# Amorina Ristorante Italiano Website

A modern, responsive website for Amorina Ristorante Italiano, an authentic Italian restaurant opening in April 2025 in Marlboro, NJ. The website is built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, featuring an elegant design that reflects the restaurant's commitment to quality and tradition.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works seamlessly across all devices
- **Modern UI/UX**: Clean, intuitive interface with smooth animations and transitions
- **Interactive Menu**: Dynamic menu navigation with categorized items
- **Online Ordering**: User-friendly online ordering system with cart functionality
- **Reservation System**: Interactive booking system with real-time availability
- **Contact Form**: Validated contact form with feedback messages
- **Location Integration**: Google Maps integration for easy navigation
- **Cross-browser Compatible**: Tested across major browsers

## Pages

1. **Home Page**
   - Hero section with call-to-action
   - Featured menu items
   - About section
   - Testimonials
   - Contact information

2. **Menu Page**
   - Categorized menu items
   - Dynamic category navigation
   - Detailed item descriptions
   - Pricing information

3. **About Page**
   - Restaurant history
   - Team information
   - Values and philosophy
   - Image gallery

4. **Reservations Page**
   - Interactive booking form
   - Date and time selection
   - Party size options
   - Special requests handling
   - Booking confirmation

5. **Order Online Page**
   - Full menu selection
   - Cart functionality
   - Delivery/pickup options
   - Special instructions
   - Order confirmation

6. **Contact Page**
   - Contact form
   - Location map
   - Business hours
   - FAQ section

## Technology Stack

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with CSS Grid and Flexbox)
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Google Maps API
- Git for version control
- GitHub Pages for hosting

## Project Structure

```
amorinaitaliano/
├── index.html
├── about.html
├── menu.html
├── reservations.html
├── order.html
├── contact.html
├── css/
│   ├── main.css
│   ├── home.css
│   ├── about.css
│   ├── menu.css
│   ├── reservations.css
│   ├── order.css
│   └── contact.css
├── js/
│   ├── main.js
│   ├── home.js
│   ├── menu.js
│   ├── reservations.js
│   ├── order.js
│   └── contact.js
└── assets/
    └── images/
```

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/username/amorinaitaliano.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd amorinaitaliano
   ```

3. Open index.html in your browser or use a local server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python
   python -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js
   npx serve
   ```

4. Visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## Development

To contribute to this project:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch for your feature:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add your feature description"
   ```
4. Push to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```
5. Create a Pull Request

## Best Practices

- Use semantic HTML elements
- Follow BEM naming convention for CSS classes
- Keep JavaScript modular and organized
- Optimize images before adding to assets
- Test across different browsers and devices
- Maintain consistent code formatting
- Write clear, descriptive commit messages

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## Performance Optimization

- Minified CSS and JavaScript
- Optimized images
- Lazy loading for images
- Efficient CSS selectors
- Minimal third-party dependencies

## Accessibility

- ARIA labels for interactive elements
- Semantic HTML structure
- Keyboard navigation support
- Color contrast compliance
- Screen reader friendly
- Alt text for images

## SEO Optimization

- Meta descriptions
- Open Graph tags
- Semantic HTML
- Sitemap
- Robots.txt
- Structured data

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions or support, please contact colleen@amorinaitalian.com.

## Acknowledgments

- Icons from Font Awesome
- Fonts from Google Fonts (Playfair Display and Raleway)
- Website designed for Amorina Ristorante Italiano, opening April 2025 in Marlboro, NJ
